Templates enable you to specify
reference images that can be
used to search all your videos
finding frames that contain
visually similar content. For
example, we've pre-created a
couple here, one for cat
containing two photos of a cat
that can then be used to find
similar frames. Also soccer
containing a couple of pictures
of soccer players, the images
can be previewed by clicking on
them.
To create your own template,
click on 'add template'. You can
then pick a new icon for the
template by clicking on the
default one. For this scenario,
we're going to search for a
vehicle so you could type in
'truck', select an icon that
fits and then click 'done'. Now
you would give the template a
title in this case 'vehicle',
then hit 'create'. Next, you
will want to add references
images, so click on 'edit'. Then
hit the plus symbol to go to
your folder browser. At this
point, you can find and select
an image you want to use as a
reference for your template.
And then hit 'done'. Your
template is now created so you
can head over to processing
using the left hand panel. Head
up to the task drop down and
select 'match templates'. Click
the 'run' button to start the
templating job. To view the
matches you can then head over
to my collection and use the
filters menu to select any that
match your template.